>> Kyle Simpson: By the way,
this prototype system, not bad at all.
It's incredibly amazingly unicorn design,
it's very powerful.
It's just a different design
pattern than classes.
It's a different design pattern
which is called delegation.
Now, I didn't make up this term,
by the way.
I've been studying the prototype system
and how these things work for a long time.
I didn't make up delegation,
what I did was I understood, I broke
down all the pieces of how JavaScript
works and the linkages and it's not copy.
And I built up this mental
model of the system and
then one day, I was just surfing on
the internet trying to research stuff and
I ran across a Wikipedia
page called Delegation, and
I started reading about this
design pattern called Delegation.
And I was like, that sounds really,
really, really familiar.
The light bulb moment,
that's what JavaScript is.
I didn't invent the term.
Delegation or behavior delegation.
I just called an apple an apple.
That's what JavaScript's system is.
Its prototype system is a delegation
system, not a class system.
If you think about delegation and
classes as different design pattern.
Rather than saying one is bad and
the other is good,
I'm not saying that classes are bad.
I'm just saying they don't fit in a system
that was designed to be a delegation
system.
>> Kyle Simpson: And
we've been trying to make it fit and
we keep trying to shove it in there and
duct tape it to make it fit.
And maybe the more effective thing is to
say, hey, system, how are you designed?
What amazing things can I do with you if
I use the way that you actually work?
This thought is not unique to me.
But it has been observed that,
if you're comparing a prototypal system,
a delegation system, to a class system,
that the prototypal system is actually
significantly more powerful
than a class system.
And here's why, it is as if the prototypal
system is sort of the super set and
the class system is a subset.
And here's why,
because you can implement a class
system inside of a prototypal language,
but you cannot do the reverse.
You cannot implement a prototype
system in a class-oriented language.
So we chose to take this amazingly
powerful system and use it in
one very specific way that's not even
a particularly good usage of the system.
And then we spent 20
years banging our heads.
Why doesn't this work like
it does in other languages?
My response is because you're
doing the wrong pattern.
You can do classes.
And some of you have to do classes because
you work with frameworks that make that
choice for you.
But what I don't want you to do is walk
away from this discussion thinking well,
it's my only option.
It's not your only option.
This system exists, and there's so
much untapped potential.
And what I wanna dig into in our
final time together in this unit,
what I wanna dig into is, what can we
do with delegation if we set aside our
preconceptions that classes are the only
design pattern that matters?